a cashless Society is the goal of the
technocratic elite to eliminate the
possibility of being able to transact
between two individuals without the
government's knowledge as technology
advances there have been new methods of
paying for goods and services credit
cards debit cards Apple pay email and
more this can be used as a trap however
as people become more accustomed to
using digital me
rather than paper you came here for the
truth so let me unveil that for you
let's talk today about the EU there's
something going in place right now which
I believe is very
worrisome and it's a policy being
applied globally and it's done
asymmetrically and this makes it very
difficult for individuals the average
individual to pick up on and what's
important to note is that all of these
plans that you see governments coming
out with are not by accident every
single thing is pre-planned and we have
to not forget that I mean we see these
changes happening we see countries
fighting against each other either you
know sort of more in the rhetoric or
actual physical fighting but you have to
understand that everything has been
pre-planned and we cannot lose sight of
that very crucial all right let's get
into it right away beginning with this
just wanted to
highlight uh the one point that they
make here the title of the initiative
proposal for an EU initi initiative on
restrictions on payment and
cash so this is uh very new information
let's get into it and we're by the way
we're looking at the actual document
here right out of europa.eu I always
like to bring you the actual document
itself and not somebody else's word what
we have
is part of it anyway I'm not going to
read you the whole thing make you fall
asleep but essentially the commission
published a communication to the council
and the Parliament on an action plan to
further step up the fight against the
financing of terrorism now that is the
way that they propose to implement this
and have their means to do so you always
use terrorism and always instill fear in
the
public regardless if it's true or not
the action plan Builds on existing
rules and it goes on to in line with
International
standards all right this is what they
said beginning right here payments in
cash are widely used in the financing of
terrorist activities in the context uh
context the relev an of potential upper
limits to cash payments could also be
explored and they have in place
prohibitions for cash payments above a
specific
threshold okay what this seems to me is
that they will Begin by eliminating and
it talks about it right here the
elimination of the 500o bank
note considering that it could stop the
issue of around 2018 so fairly soon next
year and what they would do is in a
multi-step process eliminate the higher
bills look at what happened in
India then you have cash
restrictions and suggest that look you
want to pay for
that I don't know let's say you bought a
laptop or two laptops or a laptop and a
computer and something else and you know
maybe that was $2,000 or 5,000 whatever
and they say I'm sorry sir unfortunately
due to the um money laundering law you
will need to pay with credit card debit
card anything
else and no longer is it about the fact
that yes you have valid legitimate
currency it doesn't matter they want you
to pay through their systems that they
can track and control everything and for
obvious reasons there you know there's a
good side to that I get it but the truth
why they put this into place is simply
because of control this is all part of
the technocratic elites
plan there's
no real denying that fact and we look at
it every single day all of their plans
we saw this in the US even where they
had implemented different banks had
implemented some form of capital
controls and they did so completely
asynchronously it seemed to me or the I
should say the onlooker that there is
nothing Sinister going on it's just a
bank implementing a policy that people
will need to abide by and that's all but
I'm not buying that I simply don't bu
that I mean I do think that everything
is largely controlled by the hands of
the few and therefore will definitely be
dictating to those underneath it's just
the way it is now this is something that
we are going to definitely keep our eyes
on we need to know what's happening with
capital controls with bank holidays and
all of the other schemes that we've been
following very very key right now now in
fact more than ever let's go on right
here Indian Prime Minister uh Modi has
already removed
86% of the country's currency firm
circulation in an attempt to here's it
one curb tax evasion tackle corruption
and shut down the shadow economy it may
very well do so
and you look at it on an individual
basis you may say India has to do this
this is absolutely a requirement or you
look to another country and think this
is the problem this is their solution
and it actually may work but you're not
understanding the plan from the
globalists from the elite that sit above
these governments that are dick ating
the
policies always always look to the
bigger picture I call it zooming
out when you look at something you
always no matter how deep your knowledge
goes you always have this narrow-minded
view now your definition of
narrow-minded obviously depends on on
your level of knowledge but
we always have to do our best to say
okay this is what I believe but what
could it be I'm going to keep my eyes
open I'm going to keep my ears open and
I'm just going to take it how it is at
this time this is what I believe but I'm
willing to accept some other decision
some other possibility always have that
in your head I think it is very
important now before I go on more of a
rent Joseph sticklets I like this guy's
book globalization and its
discontents it was a great book but you
have to understand that this is an
individual who is obviously
interconnected with those at top or you
know in terms of the
minions of the system he said look we
got to phase out currency and move
towards a digital economy that would on
the long term have benefits that
outweigh the costs and where does he say
this the world economic Forum they
always have the Big Shots there who
claim to know everything who suggest a
$100 trillion bazooka in order to fix
the problems1 trillion bazooka
yeah
and you go from a currency paper
currency into a digital economy as a way
to fix the problem but that's not the
problem the problem is the system itself
and I get it you want to create these
Solutions you're so smart smart and all
this stuffff but ultimately in most
cases they're not addressing the root
cause maybe they don't think they could
change the root cause but we at least
have to point to it we need to point to
that that's the reason why everything is
so messed up right now all right now
this one here in a new book curse of the
cash this individual who's a professor
at Harvard argues for phasing out paper
money in the US starting with the big
bills and slowly letting small
denominations fall towards disuse check
out what he said paper currency has
become a major impediment to the smooth
functioning of the Global Financial
system I would definitely disagree with
that now I think you as an individual
you should have the choice that's what
it always comes down to you should have
the choice I want to pay with my debit
card I want to pay with my credit card
Apple pay uh currency in coins currency
and bills you know I want to pay with
email transfer I want to have that
choice but when you take it out of
circulation you remove that individual's
choice and I think that's very
dangerous because ultimately let's say
they only had one means you know you
only had just a credit card or
eventually I I could see them going
towards uh either some sort of Chip or
some sort of you know it's in your cell
phone or whatever and the fewer means of
transacting the worse it is the more
means of transaction the better there's
competition there is more Safety and
Security in that I believe um and It
ultimately gives people that choice and
I believe that that this is very very
critical you know it goes on in here I
won't cover anymore from this article
basically it's the same sort of thing
and it's happening
globally this I just thought it was
interesting to mention caros slim
basically said that you know you know
let me talk to Trump I'll make him see
the light let me talk with them let me
see uh what I can do I just thought it
was funny that one billionaire to talk
to
another the GDP the official scorecard
for the economies in the US expanded at
a 1.9 annual 1.9% annual clip from
October to December that's a market a
drop from 3.5% growth rate in the third
quarter and Below 2.2 under the
consensus okay it's definitely had gone
down we'll see what happened uh you know
in the first quarter of
2017 all I will say is that the economy
is suffer suffering is hemorrhaging at
this time and it needs a major major
turnaround so we'll see what happens
when I see the stock market go up you
know It ultimately it doesn't help
really doesn't help it's not going to
push up the economy in any way if you
invest in the stock market the stock
market Rises you could take advantage of
that people's Pension funds and
everything but you look at the actual
stock market how well it's done and then
you compare that to Pension funds and
everything else they're bankrupt so
explain that to me well those in control
gambled away the profits gambled away
everything to do with these uh you know
you put your money in their hands and
they basically screw it up this is what
is uh occurring and we will see that
ultimately it's just going to get worse
in this regard forget about the number
of the stock stock markets you know what
do you see them at you need to
understand what's more important if you
found this video informative please give
me a thumbs
up last but not least if you found the
video informative I know you'll find my
book The Money GPS even more informative
so head over to Amazon because they have
this look inside feature it's going to
allow you to flip through the pages of
the book and see if you like it take
care